>> Speaker 1: If you use just const for
strings, would that be a helpful way to?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes, I only use the const
keyword for primitive, immutable values.
So that goes for strings,
numbers, and booleans.
And even then, I only use it when
that thing is basically a semantic
placeholder for where I would have just
put the literal in one or a few places.
So I wouldn't just use it for every
string just for the sake of using const.
But if I had a string where I was
gonna stick it somewhere, say for
example an API URL, well,
that's a perfect example.
Your API URL's almost certainly not
gonna change throughout the runtime
of the program.
Assign it once at the top of that scope,
call it customerApiUrl,
and then use that const in the program.
It gives semantic meaning to
otherwise that string literal.
>> Speaker 1: And then with arrays and
objects I usually just put deep freeze or
freeze around it.
>> Kyle Simpson: So yes, I do like to
use object.freeze, which is a shallow
read-only lock of all the properties
in an array or an object.
And that does sort of ostensively
make it into an immutable value.
Not really, since it's not deep,
but it sort of does that purpose.
Still, I won't say const x =
object.freeze, because it pretends to
the user as if const has something to
do with the freezing, and it doesn't.
So I still would only use the const with
one of the primitive immutable values.